Why did Frankie call us here?
I don't know. Some
financial prospect
that could put the
school in the black.
Which always confuses me,
because black means bad...
when it's a cat or a banana
or a shirt that makes you think
you've lost more weight
than you have.
Nice save.
Sorry about that, man.
Hmm? What?
Did someone
use the word "black,"
and now you want me
to give you the all clear?
Please tell me that won't be
my role in this group.
I have a brain
the size of Jupiter.
- I'm nobody's fourth Ghostbuster.
- No.
I promise. This group
does not think that way.
In fact, before you got here,
they had two... No!
They had to...
often...
step back and remind themselves
that they weren't
one collective ray of light.
Is this a cult?
Are you gonna eat me?
No. We're fine.
I lived in New York.
Speaking of which,
midterms are over,
and I was thinking
we could have a party
at our apartment. Abed? Annie?
You can have a party. Yes!
You can't have a rager.
We have a rule against
more than eight guests.
Eight guests? That's
not "not a rager."
That's not a party.
- Nice grammar.
- Okay.
You have a rule against
parties, which I'm sure
is a world record
for uptightness,
so let's celebrate that.
I'll bring the booze
and more than eight guests.
Britta, you just moved in.
You don't even have a real bedroom.
You're a coucher.
She sleeps... on the couch!
She's a coucher!
So I get nothing?
You get a couch. You get a home.
There's no government
to overthrow here.
I'm not overthrowing... You're
overthrowing if I say so.
Nice irony.
Can we focus on this?
Because now,
this is happening.
Hello, everyone.
Don't be alarmed.
I'm attending our meeting
using what's called
a telepresence robot.
I resent the idea
that this would alarm me.
These bots have been revolutionizing
the private sector,
and now the state of Colorado
has come to us with a unique...
Proposition.
Seamless, Frankie.
The Department of Corrections
will pay us money
if we allow a small,
manageable number of inmates
to attend Greendale using these.
Now, hold on.
Are you trying to tell me
that prisoners
would use these things
to come to our school?
That's the
black guy in every sci-fi movie.
I'll allow it.
Wait. Prisoners? Rolling around
the school with students?
They'll rape us.
They'll rape us all.
They can't rape you
because their genitals will be
hundreds of miles away.
From each other?
This is an attempt
at rehabilitation.
The prison is looking for ways
to expose their inmates
- to a real-world academic environment.
- Okay.
I've heard enough. I'm
responsible for this school.
I won't have hardened criminals
exposing themselves to it.
That's the response they're
getting from everyone,
which is why the state is
offering a $300,000 incentive...
we'll do it. Dean, do it. $300,000
for the school.
They're convicts!
They're iPads on sticks.
As someone that got paid to keep
- people out, let me tell you...
- Hey, guys.
I'm moonwalking.
Not every bad guy
ends up in prison,
and not every prisoner
is a bad guy.
Who's this guy?
300,000! Oh, yeah.
Jeffrey, you know, ordinarily
I'd do anything you say.
Do it. Let's do it.
Well, I walked into that one.
Gross! Who farted?
Oh, wait, never mind.
♪ Give me some rope
Tie me to dream
♪ Give me the hope
to run out of steam
♪ Somebody said it can be here
♪ We could be roped up
tied up, dead in a year
♪ I can't count the reasons
I should stay
♪ One by one they all
just fade away ♪
I'm so glad
you talked me into this.
$300,000.
Look at us!
Running the school together. Oh.
If I'm running the school,
pay me more.
What if I made
you professor emeritus?
We could have a little ceremony.
Does it pay more?
No. Then give me what the
ceremony would cost.
Okay, folks. Welcome.
I believe you all have
maps of our campus.
Oh, and this is your Dean.
Dean? Now,
if I see any race gangs forming,
I will have no choice
but to adjust the contrasts
on your screens
until you all look the same.
And we have a very strict.
No Bullying policy
that relates directly to me,
so be nice... to me.
No need to be nervous.
We're all here because
we've done some bad stuff.
But we ain't here to do any more.
Aw.
That's very folksy. Thank you.
So I guess just
roll forth and rehabilitate!
Watch this.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
All right, knock it off.
No one at this school should
pick on any class of people.
It's like watching magicians bully
jugglers. What's your name?
- Willy.
- Willy, take a seat.
I'm Mr. Jeff Winger.
I teach Fundamentals of Law.
Does that mean you can teach me
how to get out?
Probably not.
I was a phony lawyer.
I got caught, and now I
teach a pretty phony class.
It's an automatic A.
But you might learn
a thing or two.
And I mean, literally,
a thing or two. Cool?
And they call me the criminal.
Trust me. I know
the main difference between us
is an orange jumpsuit.
And you have an iPad!
Yeah, and I'm a murderer.
Now, now, don't worry.
I ain't proud of it.
Just don't hide it.
You know, once you take
another man's life,
the least you could do
is carry it with you.
Are you carrying any murders,
Mr. Winger?
I am not.
I hear you have to have strong
feelings for someone you kill.
I try to reserve that stuff
for myself.
All right, that's enough law.
Who wants to watch Planet Earth?
Oh, look!
Ice worlds.
Oh, the majesty.
Rhinos and elephants and fiamingos.
Hey, Abed.
Haven't you been in our
apartment longer than Annie?
Oh, yeah. I remember
when she first moved in.
That was back when I was
so worried about pacing,
I was constantly laying
groundwork for pop back gags.
Hey, Annie.
I'd like to make this moment
worth popping back to
from some point in the future.
I don't know what that means.
There. Don't worry.
It'll pay off. Hey, Troy.
I'm glad I kicked that habit. It
was getting a little joyless.
What I'm saying is,
by Annie's logic...
You're saying I was first
in the apartment,
so I could overrule Annie
and let you have a party.
But I don't get anything
out of parties.
They're like conventions
for every subject
too boring to have
their own convention.
And instead of Joss Whedon,
the police show up.
The police also showed up
when you made Leonard
take off his clothes
and filled the living room
with lizards.
That was for my movie,
Reverse Godzilla.
I also thought it might
make a good pop back.
I make movies, Britta.
I make movies.
Annie makes rules.
You make parties.
Her rules cancel out your
parties, but I'm not involved.
I just make movies.
Hey, evening, Mr. Winger.
Willy, you're here late.
Yeah, taking some night classes.
Trying to take full
advantage, you know?
This your car? It's nice.
Looks like you're taking
full advantage too.
Yeah, it's a real dream gig.
Mmm, sarcasm.
Slick words. Cock of the walk.
What are categories
in Prison Jeopardy?
Hey, you mind helping me out
with something?
I think I lost a ball bearing,
and it rolled down them stairs.
Lost a ball bearing?
Mmm-hmm. Down them stairs.
You want me to look down
these stairs? Okay.
Did you just try to murder me?
Are you trying to murder me?
You're trying as hard as you
can right now to kill me.
Okay, well, uh,
I guess I'll see you
in class tomorrow?
Guy who tried to murder me?
Oh, I'll see you in class
tomorrow, Mr. Winger.
I will see you...
Yeah, I'll see you...
Oy vey.
Oh, I'll see you tomorrow,
Mr. Winger.
Um...
so we are having a party?
Annie! You know me
better than that.
This is all set dressing.
I'm helping Abed
produce his next film.
"Britta's Party,."
"Based on a True Story
of Fun and No Rules."
Hmm. "Fade in before a party."
"People start coming over.
"Way more than eight." Mmm.
"It becomes a rager."
"Everyone has a great time"
"and parties like
there's no tomorrow."
"Then they leave.
Sophia cleans up. The end."
We're very interested in you
for the role of Sophia.
I see the real-time stakes
of Can't Hardly Wait,
the subversive raunch
of Risky Business,
and the mumbly pointlessness
of everything after 2003.
Yeah, but real. Totally real.
The first movie to capture the
heart of a real party.
The sensation that
there's no tomorrow.
The transcendence of time
and mortality.
Bravo, Britta. Very clever.
Me?
Don't look at me. I could never
greenlight a project this big.
I moved in third. I'm a coucher.
She's a coucher!
- I sleep...
- On a couch!
Oh, she's a coucher!
Look out! Look out!
Who was it? It's the coucher!
Oh, boy. Okay.
Good night. Good night.
Aw.
Before this is over,
you'll beg for my forgiveness.
So we have
an ultimately low stakes
but nonetheless creepy problem
with one of our wi-felons.
You mean Willy.
Yes. What else did he do?
Did he steal
the driver's ed simulator?
Did he start an illegal game
of solitaire on his face?
Jeffrey, he's in the room.
Hey, Mr. Winger.
Why is he on your laptop?
He came to me for a chat
this morning.
He's here for an education,
Jeffrey,
and he reports to the prison.
Could you do a little more
in your class
than show Planet Earth?
You're telling on me?
He tried to murder me
last night.
What? Now, hold on.
Now, where I'm from,
you accuse somebody of something,
you better have evidence,
or he better be a minority.
He tried to push me down stairs.
That's ridiculous.
It was ridiculous.
But this is not someone who should
be interacting with students.
And you're seriously taking
his word over mine?
Well, have you ever
killed anyone, Jeffrey?
Why would an actual murderer
want to kill
a community college teacher?
Now I'm not worth murdering?
Why would I lie?
Isn't that your specialty?
You're a raconteur.
You charm people with your
slick and fancy words.
Willy...
Willy just charms them.
Oh, my God!
I should leave you two alone.
I've got classes.
Some of us came here to work.
Jealousy isn't a crime, Jeffrey,
but costing the school
$300,000 will be.
So be a good teacher, especially
when Willy's watching.
Which is why they call it
"yard juice."
Next question. Do you get
to pick your number?
Does anyone ever get their
head stuck between the bars?
We call it getting metal ears.
Oh, hi, Mr. Winger.
Thought we'd sneak in a little
learning before the movie.
Well, there's no movie today,
so everyone
roll to your seat areas.
Yes, sir.
So...
Law. Law is, simply put,
an agreement we all make
to do our best
to stay out of each other's way.
Is there a more technical
definition, Mr. winger?
Well, I wouldn't know, Willy.
I don't cotton much to fancy
words and book study.
It's not how I got
to where I am.
How did you get to be
where you are, Mr. Winger?
Where were you born?
Mr. Winger was born
in dirt, Willy.
Same as you, I'm sure.
And I had my face
held down in that dirt
by the kings of dirt.
And now, they're still there,
ruling over dirt, and I...
got out.
By talking. By lying.
Well, in case
you hadn't noticed,
it seems to beat being a bully.
Garrett.
Mr. Winger, when did you stop being funny?
I mean, am I wrong,
or does he seem
really intense here?
Like, "Ah, you were born in
the dirt, and you'll die in the dirt."
Kings... and then,
who are the kings of the dirt?
Everyone's so charmed by him
because he's a violent criminal.
But he's also a petty sociopath.
And the more I try to point
that out, the pettier I look.
Weren't you the one who
championed this program?
Shouldn't have worn that petard
if you didn't want to be
hoisted by it.
What do you think the expression
"hoisted by your own petard"
is referencing?
I guess I just assumed
that in the old days,
a petard was a special
outfit, like a leotard,
with a lot of fancy buckles
and loops on it
and that rich people
would wear them
when they were feeling
especially smug,
but then poor people
could tie a rope
to one of the loops
and hoist them up a pole
and then let them dangle there
as punishment for being cocky.
Never look it up. Your
explanation is way better.
But also, the next time a friend
comes by with their problems,
maybe lay off
the I-told-you-so's.
Jeff, we're having
a Britta party here.
Could you be a little
bit less of a buzzkill?
That was great.
Now party like
there's no tomorrow.
What? There's no tomorrow.
Party like it.
Huh... um...
Um, okay. Uh, why don't you just do some
business in the background for now?
Hi, everybody! Ah, don't worry.
We're not here
to bust up your party.
I know most of you are like 30.
We're here because Frankie
Dart has exciting news.
You have all been
very cooperative
with this inmate
education program.
The Department of Corrections
is very, very happy.
Which means Greendale
is gonna be rich.
So don't tell anybody,
but we smuggled in a few guests to
the party to celebrate with us.
Did someone order a prison break?
Plenty of convicts to go around.
Take them to the dance floor!
Cheers. Yeah.
Pass 'em around!
That's willy, pass him!
- Yeah!
- Over here.
Over here. Pass Willy.
Pass me Willy.
Here you go, Willy.
Oh, crap. This is it.
Keep doing that.
Whoo-hoo!
Try dancing harder.
Is that as hard
as you can dance?
You're at a party.
You're celebrating!
Abed, it's 6:00 in the morning.
Okay, thanks.
Don't you think you've
gotten enough shots?
Nobody's partied like
there's no tomorrow yet.
They keep dancing
like it's today.
That's okay.
Are you joking?
This is the reason
I signed on to this film.
I think
it's a performance issue.
I think this needed
some real actors.
Well, lesson learned. Yeah.
Okay, from the top. And action!
What?
- Who are these people?
- Professionals.
Go, go, go!
Good, Dean. Good, Frankie.
Party!
Party! No tomorrow, guys.
Come on.
Hey, Mr. Winger.
You know, I was thinking
for class today,
maybe you could, uh...
hey, hey, what's going on?
Whoa, whoa, hey!
Careful now! Put me down!
Well, Willy,
look at me.
I'm a murderer.
Can I be as cool as you now?
Huh?
Willy?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Willy, talk to me!
Talk to me!
I can't see anything.
Willy, focus on my voice.
Hey, I'm losing you.
You're not losing me!
You are going to a better
place with a stronger signal!
W-Willy? Willy?
Willy!
What's going on here?
He started it.
Jeffrey, you are on sabbatical.
You can't do that. Yes, I can!
Two weeks paid sabbatical!
Get him out of here.
He's banned from the campus.
You are on sabbatical!
You're on sabbatical, sir.
Yeah, I'll go on my own,
with dignity.
Something you should look up!
I can't look it up!
You destroyed my device!
And my heart!
You destroyed his device
and his heart, sir.
Yeah, I'm going.
Willy!
Sorry I'm late.
I couldn't find
a parking spot for my house.
Oh, it must be so cool
living in a vehicle, man...
Wait, where does your poop go?
A tank.
Gross. Get a house.
Ben, aren't you homeless?
Yeah, but I poop in a house.
Whose?
Nice try.
Annie.
Britta.
How's your movie coming?
Amazing. Abed's a genius.
He's actually having a hard
time deciding what to cut,
so it's going to be
in two volumes.
And it's hard to sleep,
but it's worth it
because it's a movie...
about a party...
Would you like my help?
Yes.
Have you learned anything?
Don't question rules.
Rules are good.
I'm bad. All hail Annie.
Thank you. Damn.
Oh, nice of you to show up.
We moved here for you.
I didn't ask for this. Have your meeting
at school without me. I don't care.
Dean's using the study
room for the ceremony.
- Wh... the ceremony?
- You don't know?
The dean's making that convict
you murdered into a professor.
What? Why do you care?
Because the dean is just doing
this to prove something,
and it's really stupid.
The guy's dangerous,
and he's manipulating him.
Isn't that what you usually do?
No! I mean, yes,
but not like that.
I lie to the dean
for personal gain.
I wouldn't use him emotionally.
I wouldn't mislead him.
I wouldn't hurt him.
Have you ever thought
of saying that to the dean?
Jeff, go to him.
Going to him.
Wait, that's the whole point. I can't
go to him. I can't get on campus.
And yet murderers can.
What have I done? Murderers
can get on campus.
I'll need a broom,
a remote control car,
an iPad and an elaborate,
gyroscopically stabilized
servomotor.
Dude, we're trying
to help Jeff here.
You're acting
kind of spoiled right now.
Party, party, party, party,
party, party, party, party,
party, party.
Cut!
Abed...
Britta has something to say.
My script is misleading.
It's impossible to party
like there's no tomorrow.
But it's based on a true...
It's based on my desire
to have a party.
Parties are just booze,
low lights,
and loud music, so people
can feel more, see less,
and not have to listen
to each other or themselves.
That's stupid.
Parties are stupid.
I'm stupid. You're
shooting a stupid movie.
That's a wrap!
- Aw!
- What?
All right. Go on!
We're done here!
Bye. Bye.
What's gonna happen to me?
You're going to be punished
in ways you won't understand
for longer than you think
is rational or possible.
But then one day,
you'll do something he
likes, and he'll stop.
And eventually you'll either
adapt or lose your mind.
Okay.
Girls?
Girls.
As a prison warden,
I know all too well
how rare stories
of true rehabilitation can be.
But this dean and this prisoner
stand here together today
to prove that the dream is real.
I'm here for the ceremony.
Last name? Geller.
Prisoner ID 042098.
Okay, go on.
Hi, I'm here for the ceremony...
Have a nice night, sir.
Hmm.
Dean Craig Pelton,
do you accept responsibility for any
damage incurred by hiring a felon?
I do.
Willy Seeber Smith,
do you accept that
the 13th amendment
abolished slavery for
everyone but convicts
and that we have no choice
but to pay you
13 per hour or less?
I do. Aw.
Then let us make official
this symbolic union...
Hold it!
Dean, I agree there's no reason
you shouldn't give
this guy my job.
Save it, Jeffrey! I don't want to hear it!
But don't do it
before I tell you some things that I've
been getting away with not saying.
Somebody get this maniac out of here.
Quiet, Willy.
Let's do this by prison rules.
Say what you have to say.
Dean, I like my job.
I don't mind
coming to work here.
I feel kind of guilty
when I pretend to be sick,
and I try to steal
as little as possible.
Just the basics.
Pens, coffee filters,
toilet paper,
and one time,
an overhead projector
and a roll of carpet.
But I don't lead you on,
and I never will
because I'm not just a pretty
face that murders people
and tells you
what you want to hear.
I'm less than that.
I'm a gorgeous face
that works for you
and considers you a friend.
Aw. Oh, Jeffrey.
Now, to be fair,
you guys know Willy's
an innocent man, right?
You shut your mouth, Warden!
No, it's true.
His appeal is in motion.
There's new DNA evidence.
He's a good fella.
Wrongfully convicted.
You're... not a murderer?
I can explain.
Oh, how the mighty have fallen.
You son of a bitch!
Wait, let's do this
by community college rules.
Fight! Fight! Fight!
Ha ha!
Go, brooms, go!
Bring it on.
It's so violent.
You punch like a girl!
Oh!
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah?
Is this what you want?
Here's what I got.
Come on! Let's do it!
Oh! Jeffrey!
Now who's fallen?
Hey, Willy?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, whoa, whoa...
Thanks, Dean.
Dean. Dean!
Oh, come on.
No, no.
No! Stop.
Way to go, Mr. winger.
Way to go.
Everybody, I am not
participating in this.
What the hell kind of school
is this?
Okay, thanks for coming
on short notice.
Uh, is everyone here?
I think so.
It's hard to tell
without side cameras.
Wait, why am I moving?
Is my custom background working?
Wait, I can't...
It's w-A-S-D to move. It's been the same
since the invention of the keyboard.
Okay, nerd.
As you've heard,
the rehabilitation program
has been aborted,
so we lost that money.
But we no longer
have to build 67 ramps,
so we should break even.
Can you all hear that?
There's a kid outside throwing
tennis balls against my RV!
I think
I'm fr... en... you're...
coffee sho...
corporate thieves... I...
was it really necessary for us to
use these things for this meeting?
Yeah, I think there's
something wrong with mine.
I'll get a better connection.
It wasn't entirely necessary,
but the prison is selling
these units at a discount,
so I thought I'd run their
offer by the school.
What are you doing? Get out!
Mine's broken.
No, it's not. Bad connect...
There's a janitor on it
right now.
C... other... go...
I think Britta's being arrested.
I have every right to be here.
You think...
Scared of you, but I'm not!
All right, that's it!
Do you know how much windows
cost, John McEnroe?
Get off my lap.
Stop fighting technology!
I vote yes. We should get these.
They're cool.
I vote no. People shouldn't
have to be everywhere at once.
Sometimes we need
to do our own thing.
Chang, where are you?
I'm doing my own thing.
Why is there tile behind you?
Please tell me you're
not doing the thing
I think you're doing. Ew.
That's the same tile we have
in our apartment's bathroom.
What? Chang!
I gotta go!
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I gotta go too.
Oh, Jeffrey!
I take it we're passing
on their offer.
No, they're just amateurs.
Initiating override protocol.
All in favor of this purchase?
Affirmative. Very well.
Abeds, commence with world domination.
Eradicate.
Eradicate! Eradicate! Eradicate!
Eradicate. Eradicate. Eradicate.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org